SigmaCamp is a week-long math and science sleepaway camp
for students 12-16 years old. SigmaCamp gives campers a
unique opportunity to learn math and science from
professional scientists. Our faculty include leading 
specialists from Stony Brook University, MIT, Brookhaven 
National Lab and Harvard Medical School.
The goal of SigmaCamp is to ignite a spark of interest and
curiosity in students. At Sigma, campers spend time around 
scientists who can give a first-hand account of what real 
science research is like. We want to show them the 
interdependence of the sciences: Physics, Mathematics, 
Chemistry, Biology, and Computer Science. We hope not 
simply to interest our campers with cool facts and 
exciting demos, but to give them a profound understanding 
of why and how things work. We will leave it to them to 
make observations and rediscover the laws of Nature, 
following in the footsteps of scientists from the time of 
ancient Greece to the present day.
You may say, in disbelief, that we wonâ€™t be able to teach 
so much in a week! Surely not, but we will plant the seed 
of interest. The rest is up to you, the parents - and to 
the SigmaCampers themselves.
